You can set secure web connection using HTTPS.

What is HTTPS?
Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) is a variant of the standard web transfer protocol (HTTP) that adds a layer of 
security on the data in transit through a secure socket layer (SSL) or transport layer security (TLS) protocol connection.

HTTPS enables encrypted communication and secure connection between a remote user and the primary web server.

What is an SSL Certificate?
SSL stands for Secure Sockets Layer and, in short, it's the standard technology for keeping an internet connection secure and 
safeguarding any sensitive data that is being sent between two systems, preventing criminals from reading and modifying any 
information transferred, including potential personal details. The two systems can be a server and a client (for example, 
a shopping website and browser) or server to server (for example, an application with personal identifiable information 
or with payroll information).

It does this by making sure that any data transferred between users and sites, or between two systems remain impossible to read.
 It uses encryption algorithms to scramble data in transit, preventing hackers from reading it as it is sent over the connection. 
 This information could be anything sensitive or personal which can include credit card numbers and other financial information, 
 names and addresses.

TLS (Transport Layer Security) is just an updated, more secure, version of SSL. We still refer to our security certificates as 
SSL because it is a more commonly used term, but when you are buying SSL from Symantec you are actually buying the most up to 
date TLS certificates with the option of ECC, RSA or DSA encryption.

HTTPS (Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure) appears in the URL when a website is secured by an SSL certificate. 
The details of the certificate, including the issuing authority and the corporate name of the website owner, 
can be viewed by clicking on the lock symbol on the browser bar.

What is HTTP?
It is a protocol to exchange resources over the web.

HTTPS extends HTTP with TLS.    

Two main aspects of TLS protocol:
i) encryption: Uses cryptograhic methods to encrypt data.Both client and server have keys to unlock the message.
ii) identification: Identifies the correct web servers. Client uses digital certificates for this purpose.
Certification Authority provides the certificate to the organization to have HTTPS connection.
Process of CA:
    They investigate the company and the webserver.

Steps:

install body-parer in the backend dir:
Post method is type of URL which allows user to send data as a part of the request. 
To handle the post request we need a middleware called body-parser.

npm i body-parser@1.18.3 --save